like to first off thank you for choosing
to watch this video I like to apologize
for the lightning from the TV screen but
i'll let you enjoy the intro for a
moment anyways let's get moving along so
what this segment is I like to call
flying monkeys it's a glitch that I
found about 10 years ago when I was
younger playing Donkey Kong just
happened to me by accident so and if
you're wondering this is the Super
Nintendo version I don't know if they'll
work on the game boy version or an
emulator version so I don't know you'd
have to try that out for yourself if
you're wondering what the level is it's
called minecart carnage and that's going
to be in the second area of Donkey Kong
and it's really easy to get to only
takes half an hour from the start but
let's stop rambling get this show on the
road so you got to make sure you have
both DK and diddy kong for this
otherwise it won't work depending on who
you want to stay alive depends whether
you like on Donkey Kong more diddy kong
doesn't really matter to me this is just
for your entertainment
I'm going to try to see if this will
work the first try usually you have to
get to the safe point and then retry the
level over for it to work but let's see
here we go now then work so let's reach
by that
there we go there's your flying monkey
nothing special but it's a pretty cool
little trick as much as I'd like to
share with you how it's done it wouldn't
be a very secretive fit if I told you if
you already know how to do this that's
awesome so you know the cool little
trick but it's a it's one glitch i do
know how to do the only downfall to this
is that you don't want to get hit by
those carts otherwise you love you'll
die the cool part is is you can dodge
them easily you can collect all the
bananas the other downfall is you cannot
finish the level not sure why but I
guess that's the glitch for you so I'm
just going to take it to the end of the
level
if you were hoping to see Diddy Kong be
the one I'm sorry I didn't really plan
it out I just figured whoever is going
to go goes so here's the exit and this
is where the end of the video happens